The most important software we will
use in this seminar is a code editor.
You can use any code editor you want. I recommend
visual studio code. It's a free software from
Microsoft, that you can use to edit code. The
most important bit is that you use an actual
code editor. Code editors are slightly
different to other text editing software.
If you're using a code editor
and you open a text file,
you see the raw text information of that specific
file and this is very different to how other word
processors are working. If we switch for example
to a software that allows you to format text. And
in this case we have just a small bit of text and
i chose one word that i made bold and cursive.
If i save this now as a DOCX file for example.
The the standard Microsoft word format.
Then it does not only save our text here, but
it creates a document that also stores all the
information about the formatting in a markup
document. And if we want to inspect this. I've
already prepared this here. This is the DOCX file.
The DOCX file is actually not a text document.
It's a zip file, which contains a lot of other
documents. So if i just rename a DOCX file to ZIP
and unzip it. I see that there are multiple
folders and documents inside this folder
and the word document.xml file contains
our actual information about the document.
And i can now see here that the word "hello world"
was now encapsulated in all this additional markup
language. So now we see the actual raw document
and not the formatted document as it is presented
by word or other word processors. This is
the important difference. If you're using a
code editor you're seeing the raw text information
of the text file and not some formatted version
that is actually being generated into
a completely different file format.
So whatever code editor you
use, your are completely free,
but you need to use a code editor to work with
the tutorials that we are doing in this seminar.